what's going on guys we are back with
another video here and this is another
player top five players this one would
use top five cheap centers for under
twenty thousand right so let's see what
we got this week and we're not this week
but this today so here we go first
Center top five is going to be number
five is it'll be Tyler Bozak team of the
week well he died something about Tyler
Bozak he is a very solid solid center
even his regular card is really really
good
so I mean Tyler Bozak I mean he's got
just I mean look at those 288 those are
the really key stats to have 88 and the
defense is even really good so you can
rely on them nor lie on him in the
defensive end as well because he's you
know just unreal I mean I've used them a
lot
even if I've just used its regular
carnet sensational I can only imagine
the team of the week card so how long
standing is if you really can't afford a
team of the week are just go out buy the
regular one a thousand coins the most I
would say cuz he is very fast player
very good he's not to be your number one
guy but if he can't you know he can be a
really good number one guy as well I
mean he's not bad at all I can tell you
that alright guys so that's that is
Tyler bow is that guys my first player
of this episode number 5 is Bozak number
4 is
all right it's going to be it's gonna be
player of the game Colin Wilson
see I know you guys really know about
Colin Wilson that much but like I said I
saw those stats I needed a third line
Center I was like hey why don't I just
pick him up so I picked him up took a
chance on him
he's just unreal he is absolutely unreal
for me I mean at least when I played him
with the players and I played him with
he just dish master he just got so many
points it says not not many goals but he
oughta assist for me I mean I don't know
maybe it was just me I got lucky and
played good with him
but who knows I mean I really thought he
just played unreal for me and I think
he's a really good player to have look
does it have to be number one God like I
said all these senators doesn't mean him
to be number number one Center for it
but yeah seriously he's a great great
player alright so let's move on to
number three
number three is Eric Staal I cannot
stress this about Eric Staal is actually
one of my favorite players I've actually
used this year believe it or not he's
just unreal I have never gotten any of
his special cards which I'm really mad
at myself for not I'm gonna have to buy
one in one of these days but yeah at
number 3 is Eric Staal just because of
the fact yeah he's he's pretty slow I'll
say that but his shot is just absolutely
ridiculous
his shot is just on point at all times
one timers all day he gave me a pass he
can he do a lot of things on the ice
really good checking he can hold on the
puck for a very long time and yeah I'm
really a big fan of Eric Staal in NHL 15
Hut he only have two done in my opinion
all right so let's move on to number two
number two is going to be Nicklas
Backstrom now Niklas Backstrom which is
an unreal Center I mean I gotta say back
sure I've used him always always on
every team build I've ever had ever
he's always on my team I don't care he
could be first second third or fourth
line Center
he is my favorite player to use like in
generally I I could always have my my
team I have no problem having him on my
team like he's always producing and he's
just always getting points for me I'm a
huge fan of Nicholas Dax from Nitro 1500
his skating remarkable his hands so
let's let's think you know he's deke he
was very good he's passing he's just
always on point like I said he could
just pass it across and you get throws
one time from your wingers and he just
unreal he really is such a great great
set it wins a lot of face offs for me
and rich is really reliable in both ends
of it on both ends of the ice is just
unreal for me I gotta say that guys
Niklas Backstrom great player pick them
up very cheap under 20k so let's move on
to number one we begin as the right hand
shot Kessler's
number one is going to be Ryan Kesler
now Ryan Kesler is just honestly I can
honestly say the best player I've used
in Hut this year he is just so so so
unbelievable I cannot stress this enough
Ryan Kesler wins so many face offs for
me so many face offs get so many huge
clutch goals great passes just very
always involved in every game every game
he's always so consistent and I'm gonna
show you that why he really is that
consistent look at the defense as well
it's just as regular card look at those
stats alright maybe the hand drive
remarkable but again the defense insane
his skating is just great shooting is
this pretty average it's but it's a good
good shooting category for a setter and
as well as the hand is decent but he's
really good at passing I mean like I
said you're all gonna rely on Ryan
Kesler they're gonna split through
defense but he could really set up plays
alright guys and I'll show you proof of
how many points he's gone for me in the
games
play this year boys so there you go Ryan
Kesler 491 points in 564 games that's
really good you can see Eric so I also
use but and Eric saw I'll tell you one
thing about him I always use a moment on
my fourth line so it's really kind of a
fake little stack there and because I
mean that's really unbelievable for
fourth line time and again Ryan can't
look at that he's been my first line
Center all these games all right look at
that consistency he has almost the same
amount of goals and assists that's just
that's unreal that really simply
remarkable plus 1/16 my goodness
gracious all right guys so thanks for
watching this video hopefully you
enjoyed it
try to get a top 5 left wingers out next
alright so thanks for watching and I'll
see you guys in the next video and by
the way it's actually my birthday today
so get the birthday hype going in the
comment section write everything that
was jus you was then in there by myself
without you